Hey, you're making great progress learning about probability
and you now understand how to design a coin flipping robot possibly.
But, I just want to put in the void why you learn so much about
coin flipping when you really care about self-driving cars.
Probability is the core of how a self-driving car runs.
And before diving into really complicated stuff like mapping and localization,
really want to tell the very basics because the basics
of finding out what the coin flip looks like
is exactly the same math as building
really great maps and localizing and controlling self-driving car.
So stay tuned, you're making great progress.
And let's dive deeper.